Add little doc on how to get started writing virtual host gatherers (#7)
openSUSE/virtual-host-gatherer: virtual-host-gatherer/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Writing a new virtual host manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Writing a new virtual host gatherer module
```

> Virtual host managers pluggable, independent modules written in Python 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual host gatherers are pluggable, independent modules written in Python 3.
```

> A VHM connects to a remote datasource (API, database, whatever) and gets a list of hosts and guests. Guests will be represented under the hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A virtual host gatherer module connects to a remote datasource (API, database, whatever) and gets a list of hosts and guests. Guests will be represented under the hosts.
```

> To create a new VHM, you will need to create a new .py file in the `lib/gatherer/modules` directory. That new module must contain one class that inherits from `WorkerInterface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new gatherer module, you will need to create a new .py file in the `lib/gatherer/modules` directory. That new module must contain one class that inherits from `WorkerInterface`.
```

## VHM class

The `WorkerInterface` subclass must provide:

> * DEFAULT_PARAMETERS dictionary (OrderedDict) with the names and default values for the parameters the user must provide in a configuration file (if using VHMs alone) or in Uyuni (if using VHMs in the context of Uyuni, UI is automatically created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DEFAULT_PARAMETERS dictionary (OrderedDict) with the names and default values for the parameters the user must provide in a configuration file (if using "virtual-host-gatherer" alone) or in Uyuni (if using "Virtual Host Managers" in the context of Uyuni, UI is automatically created).
```

* Implement the `__init__` constructor

* Implement `set_node(self, node)`

* Implement `parameters(self)`

* Implement `run(self)`. This is the most important method, where you will take the values from the parameters the user entered, connect to the remote database/hypervisor/hyperscaler and process back the data (list of remote systems).

* Implement `valid(self)`

> ## run(self)
> 
> In the end,
> 

Reviewer: I think this part can be removed, since `run(self)` is already described above:

```suggestion
```

> ## Data
> 
> Uyuni processes the following fields provided by a VHM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integration with Uyuni

Uyuni is able to process information collected by a virtual host gatherer modules. This is done adding "Virtual Host Managers" in Uyuni and configuring the corresponding virtual host gatherer module.

The following fields provided by the virtual host gatherer module will be processed by Uyuni:
```
